The road of life is rarely smooth, often times there will be challenges, but one must be resilience and stand in the face of adversity. This text is about three different extraordinarily resilient people, Adam Goodes, Stephen Hawking and Barrack Obama each a lesson in how to be resilient.

Adam Goodes was a former professional AFL player, playing for the Sydney swans. By the end of his career he had racked up a very impressive amount of accolades but this wasn't without struggle and one of his largest struggles was the Booing Saga. The Booing Saga was a set of AFL games where Adam Goodes was constantly booed due to his origin as an indigenous man. To stand against this he spoke against racism on and off the field, later making the GO foundation and becoming Australian of the year. All of these achievements against this adversity shows how resilient Adam Goodes is being able to roll with the punches and continue achieving high.

Stephen Hawking was a theoretical physicist with a huge amounts of achievements. Living his life disabled and stuck in a wheelchair Stephen Hawking faced this adversity everyday. Many would think their life is over already believing they would never stack up to anything, but not Stephen. During his life time he pushed his field while teach many people, having huge amounts of research linked to his name. The drive he had to continue learning, teaching, and researching past this constant adversity is extremely impressive. This shows how hard his life was and just how resilient he had to be to gain all of his accolades.

Barrack Obama was the United States President, his case shows that no matter where you work or how important you are there will always be a need for resilience. Obama faced problems becoming the president due to being the first African-American president and during his presidency he faced issues such as the global financial crisis and the Iraq war. Even through these issues he had a great presidential run solving many issues and keeping his mental health up. Although his life was hard Obama still became president and had a successful run, pushing through and solving these crisis. Showing his resilience in the face of adversity.